dodge ram 1500 I'm in eurostar
headlights Chevy recon roof lights it's
got the 3rd gen steering components with
the bushings instead of the ball joints
16 by 1250 eagle alloy wheels with
general grabber at2 3512 50s it's lifted
six inches with the I'm sorry four
inches with the pro comp suspension lift
it's got a 3-inch body lift on it it's
got the 360 with the dana 44 rears out
of a sport 1,500 ram telomeres train
horns
it's got the ugly blue interior in it
it's in decent shape
it's got the true dual magnaflow exhaust
I did it myself sounds pretty good with
pretty cheap
k and then intake
it's got the hooker headers on it and
I think that's about it it's nothing too
special puts good running truck